10878 xpanse cortex xdr (#34933)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/6_1_46.md

> #### Integrations
> 
> ##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response
> 
> - Fixed an issue in CoreIRApiModule by adding a flag to the authorization process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Integrations

<~XPANSE>
##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response

- Fixed an issue where the integration commands failed due to a change in the API request process.
</~XPANSE>
```
